that's sherlock holmes meanwhile in
frack schiebt big adventure
newest part, however, makes a lot
unlike his predecessors rather than one
big complicated case to crack
Holmes only scores in six this time
minor matters not
linked together
Basically you play six in it
closed thriller short stories with
two to three play hours each
and that is at the expense of the tension
Although cases are well written and
match with your mix of murder
cover up mystery
book template by the short game time
per chapter makes it hard sometimes so
right in these stories
immerse
that's what the game scores with
interesting characters the
suspects and witnesses are good
written and clean in English
There is a German voice over there
unfortunately not with it
subtitles come here opaque
figures well over in a new mini
We are allowed to play the characters
examine small suspicious details
that then switches more talk
The option is completely playful
Although super simple but implemented
after all, looks really chic
We use your some of these details
to uncover dialogues and contradictions
and lie to expose important
findings automatically end up in one
new evidence menu here must be like that
indices combine nothing with us
can do wrong
we just try so long through
it fits out then such arise
send charts in which the game
automatically the evidence to
Conclusion connects so we can
a suspect as a culprit
accuse and end the case
optionally are distributed with or
strictly a purely moral decision
the playful but zero impact
has the clou on the system but that is
we some facts in two ways
Depending on the result, it can be interpreted
then new connections from others
from murder weapons to completely
different tappers
that's cool because we like the game
never guilty on the silver plate
so we have to put on our
trust and abdominal feeling
In the worst case, we will send it completely
innocent in the kittchen
the actual detective work falls
on the other hand sobering from mostly rattling
We only point out the locations
without us thinking much about it
would have to look click the rest
the game itself does the inventory
We do not manage ourselves
only the old use this is the game
just allowed
that's why we rarely feel that way
to also determine manila chatting
Meet the meter also measures the robbens
many video games deal with more than
really to entertain but at least
they are quite varied and
much fairer than the tricky predecessor
and who on such things at all
she has no desire because she can easily
skip
do not worry about proper action sequences
Although we do not often have to
but sometimes aim more precisely or one
reaction sequence is also the right one
Mood
All in all, one remains sooner
calm adventure and that
never really the feeling of tension
Instead, we had at
some tasks rather the impression that
they sell us for stupid
instead of crisp detective work right
Often it's easy on everything
it will already click at the end
somehow fit
Torfrau
that says j
hd there is also the faithful doctor
watson does not have much more this time
do as to date afterwards
He comes only once in the entire game
for a puzzle to use
otherwise its function is limited
comment out and in the way conversion
there is simply given away in the potential
Contrary to the book template comes to us
this sherlock holmes something to
smoothed and bravely over from his
infectious enthusiasm this
obsession borders and ingenious i ity
serves as a fictional character made famous
Unfortunately you only notice in the game
that's a shame, because in some
cool see his
eccentric characteristics quite
but usually it remains only with
such good approaches from which the
authors simply have a lot more
to be able to get out
thanks to unreal engine 3 is krems and
punishment by far the most beautiful
sherlock adventure so far the
characters are believably designed and
Exploring the environment works
rich in detail and the lighting effects
can be seen right
Unfortunately, the levels are too
pretty lifeless
End pcs are then rarely
look and if they are so
mostly only the area rumiger alive
sections as in the predecessor
Game characters also ran up
worries were replaced without replacement
annoying is also that
we often between the little ones
change scenes
that makes for longer and longer
charging interruption
the new holmes makes so much but
not all right the part is playing
good is visually strong and atmospheric
but story and gameplay also have theirs
weaken the six points
short stories with good ideas and
interesting characters are nevertheless tension
or dramatic we have to go with it
as well as a captivating main character
playful is the us
investigation work to shallow only
the original proof guide it stings
really out that's a really cool one
hopefully that will also be featured in the next one
Part again comes to the employment nevertheless
walls new holmes in the end only good and
not great, we hope
but very much that block west anyway
busy at the eighth part works